# DownToMeet

This repository contains the client and server of the DownToMeet application,
created for Computer Science 130 (Software Engineering) at UCLA during Fall
2020.

## Team

- Connie Chen
- Timothy Gu
- Linus Lam
- Jamie Liu
- Timothy Rediehs

## Directory Structure

### Client 
All of our client-side code is located in the `client` folder in the root directory of this repository, which contains the `src` and `public` sub-directories. Our application's `index.html` and public assets are located in `public`, whereas the source code is in `src`. The README also contains additional information on how to build and run the client. 

Looking in the `src` folder, we used redux to manage the state of our application. The store is located in the `app` folder, whereas the actions and reducers are located in `stores\user`. The source code for all our React components is located in the `components` directory. `lib` contains implementations for the methods used to fetch data from our server. The app is defined in `App.js`, and rendered in `index.js`. 

### Server
All of our server-side code is located in the `server` folder in the root directory of this repository. This folders contains the `cmd\down-to-meet`, `db`, `impl`, `models`, and `restapi` subdirectories. Additional information as well as instructions on building and running the server can be found in the README in this folder. 

In the `server` directory is also the `swagger.yml` file. This is where we define our [OpenAPI](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/about/) specification, including the available endpoints and input/output types for our API. The information defined in this file is used by [go-swagger](https://github.com/go-swagger/go-swagger) to auto-generate the code in the `models`, `restapi`, and `cmd\down-to-meet` subdirectories. `models` defines the data structures used by our server and API, `restapi` contains server boilerplate, and `cmd\down-to-meet` auto-generated source code for the server binary. 

The `db` subdirectory is where our database schema is defined. Endpoint implementations and their associated tests are located in the `impl` folder. For each endpoint located in `xxx.go`, the corresponding tests can be found in `xxx_test.go`.

## Testing

To build the client, run the following commands:
```sh
$ cd client
$ yarn
$ yarn start
```
For additional information or help, refer to the [README](/client/README.md##running-the-project). 

To build the server, run the following commands:
```sh
$ cd server
$ make start
```
For additional information or help, refer to the [README](/server/README.md##common-operations).

To run the tests, run the following commands, from any folder in the repository:

```sh
# Backend tests
$ go test go.timothygu.me/downtomeet/server/impl

# Frontend tests
$ yarn test

```

## Documentation

Our documentation is located in the `docs` folder. The `server` subdirectory contains the documentation for our server-side handlers and functions. The `client` subdirectory contains the documentation for our frontend components. The file `api-documentation.pdf` contains the full documentation for our REST API, as auto-generated by [Swagger](https://swagger.io/specification/v2/).